The embark has 2 biomes, but one is barely there (upper right, as shown in the upper left of the attached picture). Digging between biomes is the best way to avoid aquifers and find different types of metal ore. Between that and the volcano, you'll want a spacious fortress.

You start with coal (but will mostly use volocano power), enough copper for 2 picks (probably the priority), enough logs for 2 forges (and one other workshop), and enough limestone (flux) making steel out of the limonite (iron ore at half the price, you just need to smelt it first) and pig iron you start with. The steel makes an excellent battleaxe (soldier can cut trees and get used to being outdoors, if you add the labor) and some bolts for hunting. Starting with bars instead of finished goods means it's a steel anvil instead of iron. It's cheap to buy a crossbow, and the material/quality don't usually matter. The leatherworker may come in handy for early armor and a quiver as well. Try not to forge too much stuff outdoors and have to carry it to the new fortress. 

The start also includes 21 of each drink, 1 of each milk (to make cheese to make into food), 11 of each useful seed, some gypsum powder and lye for soap, thread, and 1 of each of the cheapest meats we could still afford for barrels. And a breeding pair of both kittens (longer before they actually breed) and sheep.

It's a large map, but a small world (should help FPS), so feel free to spread out a lot both vertically and horizontally (you probably want to be in both biomes for mining purposes, and want to be near the volcano for setting up forges - but remember that volcanoes don't refill once they start to deplete/you mine through the side of them). Make space for additional stuff like mechanisms for windmills, pump stack for water, refuse pit, rooms we forgot/left for later (hospital should be near the entrance for soldiers, but we hopefully won't need it for quite a while), etc. If we luck into some featherwood, try to save it for shields (weight doesn't help anything; only quality matters), wheelbarrows, crutches, and anything that gets moved a lot (barrels, but not usually bins or furniture).

Also, remember that cutting down a tree leaves a hole if you have a room below it, so try not to build much in the first layer down (You'll never manage to find all of the holes that trees put through the roof, but goblins or monkeys and other enemies will). A 3-wide ramp down into the fortress will allow carts to enter. Or build a paved road/floor above the fortress to prevent trees from growing, even though that loses you some potential wood and wild plants. The digging in slightly, then going down and coming back up for the farms may still be a good idea, and you won't want the farms too shallow.

I don't remember if we have flux stone (or have any idea what metals we'll have), so I made sure to pack some for the trip. The dwarves are dying, so we may not be able to trade for long. I also did my best to match up stats and interests to the dwarves' starting skills. Hopefully that helps.
